[Mirai] If you're saying
you'll fight fairly,
I'm pleased to hear it.
[Kanade] In that
case, let's hurry up
and settle this quickly.
Go on and shoot me.
I'm sure you're trying
to come up with a way
to win without using your Wings.
But you can't, can you?
[Mirai] Actually, I'm
not thinking about that.
What I am thinking is,
am I fighting the real
Metropoliman or someone else?
--What?
--[tense music]
[Mukaido] Red! I'm 99%
sure that's Metropoliman!
[Mirai] I know you are.
But that's not 100%, is it?
And if it's not 100%,
we might have a problem.
[Susumu humming]
[Kanade] What's he doing?
Is he stalling for time? No.
He presents he's
not sure of himself,
but he's always actually...
[Mukaido] If you're
worried about who he is,
you can just remove his
mask after you've shot him.
You've already seen his face.
[Mirai] Yes, I know that, but...
[Kanade] [sighs] You really
are a stupid pain in the ass.
If that's what this is
all about, I'll show you.
[Mukaido and Nasse gasp]
--[Mirai gasps]
--[foreboding music]
[Mirai] He actually
removed his mask.
I can't believe he's
being so open and fair.
Satisfied now?
[Mirai] Yes.
You're definitely
the same Metropoliman
I fought at the tower.
Thanks. It's all
clear to me now.
[opening theme music]
--Did you see his face?
--No, this camera angle sucks.
[Spectator] So we don't get
to know Metropoliman's identity?
[Spectator] Man,
what a boring video.
No. We have to watch.
This will determine
who becomes God.
This sacred battle
will ultimately decide
who will end up being the
redeemer who saves this planet!
Go for it, God!
You can do it!
And remember, when
you're choosing
people to go to Heaven,
please choose me!
--Crazy alert.
--He's nuts.
[Hoshi] Well?
His face was obscured.
We couldn't identify him.
And someone's blocking us from
determining their location.
[Hoshi] Hmm.
[Susumi] Hmm. I wonder who's
gonna win this standoff.
I'm kinda pulling
for the red guy.
Up to this point, he's
been pretty interesting.
--Here we go.
--"Here we go"?
What the hell are
you, a character
in a superhero
show or something?
[Mirai] I'm fighting fairly.
If I said "here we go"
then moved in closer
and fired my Arrow, that
would be an unfair move.
But if I walk up and
stab you with that Arrow
instead of firing it,
that's not unfair at all.
[energizing music begins]
[Kanade] What's he doing now?
[energizing music intensifies]
He's charging from this close?
--Mirai!
--Stupid move, pal!
You're just easier to kill!
[Mirai] That's what you think!
[Mirai shouting]
[Mirai gasps]
--[both gasp]
--It's not piercing him.
--How can that be?
--Unbelievable!
[energizing music continues]
[Mirai] Of course.
He's already been
pierced by a Red Arrow!
--[energy crackling]
--[Mirai straining]
[Mukaido] Metropoliman's
next White Arrow
is being blocked
by Mirai's Red one.
[Mirai] He didn't retreat
when he lost his
numerical advantage,
and he didn't back out of our
one-on-one face-off, either.
He only joined this
so-called "fair fight"
because he knew he couldn't
be pierced by my Red Arrow.
He couldn't lose the battle
as long as I refused
to use my White.
So who did he order to
shoot him with the Red?
That leaves me with
just one option!
[energizing music continues]
[metal clanging]
[Kanade] What's he doing?
--[air whooshing]
--[energy crackling]
He's blocking his view.
[Kanade] [panting] I can't see!
[Revel] He can't fire his Arrow
if he can't see his target.
[Kanade] Damn it! [panting]
Wings are visible
to God candidates.
However, since
they can't interact
with objects from
the human world,
he is unable to grab them.
Only the owner of the Wings
can manipulate them freely.
Ah. What a smart idea.
--Damn it!
--[energizing music continues]
This isn't good.
Red's been shot by Mukaido,
so even if he has no intention
of killing me himself,
there's a good chance he won't
stop Mukaido from doing it!
[Mirai grunting]
[Saki] Red!
[Kanade] Damn it!
This friggin' suit!
[Saki] No!
--[Kanade yells]
--[Mirai groans]
[Kanade] Let go
of my right hand!
Meyza! Transfer my White
Arrow to my left hand.
I can't see him, but
I can still stab him.
[energizing music continues]
Meyza!
Is that the she-cat?
[Saki] You're not gonna do that.
--[glass shatters]
--[Kanade screams]
[Mirai] Yellow!
[Saki] I'm never letting go!
[Kanade] You
bastards! [screaming]
[Mirai] Yellow, use your rings!
--[Saki straining]
--[energizing music intensifies]
[silence]
[Mirai panting]
[Saki panting]
[unsettling music]
[Revel] They did it!
[Mukaido] Red,
Yellow, thank you.
Now let me handle the rest.
[suspenseful music]
--Nanato.
--[gun clicks]
You weren't lying when you told
me you were fighting an evil
that could destroy the world.
[Mukaido] The truth is, I've
become a hero chosen by God.
Don't worry. I promise you
and Nanaka will be safe.
And I swear I'll join you
both when this is over.
[Nanaka] Mommy?
[gentle music]
[Mukaido grunts]
[Mukaido] Red was able
to block his Arrow
by charging in with
one in his hand.
It worked because he
was already up close.
You two, keep a
firm grip on him.
I'll be over there in
just a minute to kill him.
[heroic music]
[Kanade] Hey. You
don't wanna do this.
[Mukaido grunting]
You'll be a murderer.
Have you thought about that?
Red, stop him!
What about all those times
you said life was sacred?
That it was wrong
to kill people?
[Saki] If Red wants to grant
Green his desire, then I...
[exciting music]
[Mukaido grunting]
I have late-stage cancer,
and it's terminal.
[Mukaido groans]
The most urgent
thing is to make sure
a monster like Metropoliman
never becomes God.
[Mukaido straining]
[Mukaido growls]
I don't wanna be a father who
surrenders without a fight
and in the process ends up
sacrificing his children.
I was called on to
be a God candidate.
All right, then. So be it.
I'll bear that obligation.
Let me tell you something.
Killing him with my own two
hands is what'd make me happy.
[Kanade] Hey, are
you listening to me?
This is hopeless.
The Red Arrow is making
him obey Mukaido.
If I don't do something,
I'm gonna get killed!
-[gun clicks]
-[Kanade gasps]
[Mukaido breathing raggedly]
[spectators chattering]
[Spectator] No way he's
really gonna shoot that guy.
This is staged, right?
[Susumu] Is it finally over?
We've got their location.
All right, let's get over there.
Kanade.
[Kanade] Listen to me!
I'm doing this for
my family, too!
I had a sister I
accidentally killed,
and I just wanted
to see her again.
That angel tempted me.
She promised me I'd get to
see her if I became God.
That's the reason I've
been doing all this.
[Mukaido panting]
For, for my sister.
[Mirai] Listen, can't we
just keep him blindfolded
and stick him in prison?
[Kanade] Yes, yes, do that!
You don't have to do anything
stupid like committing murder.
Can you hear me, Mukaido?
Come on, we can work this out.
Right, Mukaido? Mukaido!
[Mirai] Mr. Mukaido.
This is goodbye, isn't it?
--[Mukaido straining]
--[somber music]
[Mukaido]
Before I go, just grant me
the strength to
pull this trigger.
That's all I ask.
[breathing shakily]
This act will serve as
proof that I was alive.
This is my justice.
Mirai, I know you will say
this was selfish on my part,
but someday, I trust you and
my family will understand
why it had to be done:
to protect my beloved
wife and children.
It's starting to
get so dark. Yes.
I wish I had more
time with my family,
to be able to watch
my children grow up.
I never thought killing
someone would make me happy.
[pensive music]
Life takes some
surprising turns.
[Nanaka] Daddy's going
to be okay, right?
[Aya] Nanaka, don't touch those!
[Nanaka] What, Mommy?
Just remember this.
Your daddy is a hero.
[Mukaido] Aya.
[gunshots rattling]
[dramatic music begins]
I gotta move!
Damn it! Let go!
Judging by the sound, he's
firing from pretty close range.
Red, let's make a deal!
I don't need to become God.
You can be Him!
You know what?
I'll, I'll give you money.
As much as you want.
What do you say, one billion?
10 billion? You name
it, I'll get it for you!
She-cat, I'll make you my wife!
You'll never want for anything!
I'll give you whatever you want.
I promise I'll make
your life happy.
--What do you say?
--[dramatic music continues]
I have everything you
could want. Everything.
[flesh squelching]
[Kanade screaming]
Where's my angel?
Rea. [coughs]
Rea.
[dramatic music continues]
--[gunshots rattling]
--[spectators gasp]
All right!
Poliman lost! He lost!
Sorry about that, Kanade Uryu.
Guess you overreached.
[blows raspberry]
[silence]
[Saki] This, this was...
As horrible as it was,
if we hadn't done this,
even more lives would have
been lost, right? [sobs]
[Mirai] Yeah.
But still,
it was a life.
[Nasse] This is great.
I can see that Mirai's taken
another step towards happiness.
[Mirai] The rings!
I have to assume they're
going to the God candidate
who shot Metropoliman
with a Red Arrow.
[Saki] Mr. Mukaido!
[Nasse] Aw. Look, they're gone.
[Mirai] We need to
get him to a hospital.
[mournful music begins]
How could someone
like this fail?
He was a wealthy member of
the upper echelons of society.
Money only has an effect
on human conflicts.
It's useless against
Wings and Arrows.
Even someone like
Hajime, who had no money,
had powers as a God candidate.
Why did you obstruct my plans?
That wasn't my intention.
I was following a simple hunch
that Hajime's involvement
could be interesting.
Well, I'll see you later.
I have to admit, in the end,
it was truly interesting.
[mournful music continues]
[Meyza] Here I am, a
special-rank angel,
and in spite of that, I'm left
ferrying a dead human again.
[mournful music continues]
--[heart monitor beeping]
--[mournful music ends]
[Nurse] He's
experiencing cyanosis.
His cardiopulmonary functions
and his heart rate
are fading fast.
[Nurse] Mandibular
breathing has begun.
His blood pressure
has fallen to 25.
[Doctor] He's nearing the end.
Bring his family in.
--[Aya breathing shakily]
--[respirator hissing]
The cancer has entered
its final stage.
There's nothing more
we can do for him.
His breathing will gradually
get slower and slower.
It's amazing he stayed
alive this long.
I'm sorry, but it's
time to say goodbye.
[respirator hissing]
[poignant music begins]
[poignant music continues]
[poignant music softens]
Nanato Mukaido, you
had given up on life
and found yourself meekly
awaiting your death.
But then you surprised me.
The fact is, many humans had
acquired Wings and Arrows
before you, but for someone to
sacrifice so much of himself
for his family and to die
satisfied with his own life,
I know of no other human
who has achieved that.
It's thanks to you two.
Take this Arrow and these Wings.
Please keep Mukaido's
hopes and dreams
alive within your heart.
[poignant music continues]
[Saki] This means
goodbye to you as well.
It's all right.
You still have Revel,
who is an even greater
Angel of Knowledge than me.
Come. Let us go, Nanato Mukaido.
[poignant music softens]
[Mukaido] Don't worry.
I promise you and
Nanaka will be safe,
and I swear I'll join you
both when this is over.
[poignant music ends]
[heart monitor blaring]
[closing theme music]